"Data Scientist - Academic Operations Location: Gurgaon Key Responsibility: Owning new initiatives for learning content and experience for our flagship program BABI (Business Analytics Business Intelligence) Ensuring ongoing review of"
"The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar. Application areas include Identity Resolution, Marketing Analytics Security and Fraud"
"How will you make an impact Lead the Data Sciences teams in the development and delivery of big data, predictive technologies in the areas of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language"
"Able to connect to new and relevant data and get to customer insights very quickly Technical skills: Strong Experience in Cloud (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud) Expertise in Distributed Data (Hadoop/Spark/Kafka etc.) Knowledge"
"Requirements A passion for making sense of lots of unstructured data Experience with NLP, classification, graph mining, and/ or recommender systems Proficient with SQL and experience with one or more"
"Job Responsibilities Data Scientist 6 to 8.5 years Bangalore Works to design and develop analytical/ data mining/ machine learning models as part of data science solutions Gather, evaluate and document"
"Job Responsibilities Data Scientist 8.5 to 11 years Bangalore Works to design and develop analytical/ data mining/ machine learning models as part of data science solutions Gather, evaluate and document"
"Key Skills Solid data-mining and analytical skills, including experience dealing with a large amount of data Strong background in mathematics/statistics; past participation in the International Mathematical Olympiad is a plus"
"Senior Data Scientist- TrustSafetyBangalore Technology Data Science Full Time Employee Swiggy started in 2014 with just a few restaurants on board limited to Koramangala in Bangalore,Swiggyis now India s leading"
"Senior Data Scientist The Senior Data Scientist role will lead participation in requirement gathering including Data Discovery, system design, model implementation, code reviews, testing and maintenance of the platform developing"
"Position- Data scientist Location- Bangalore Experience- 2+ years Required skills- R, SAS, Python and SQL, knowledge of Java, Machine learning Primary skills- statistical programming language, like R or Python, and"
"*Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition"
"""Data Scientists Practice Lead Analytics-,"
"The Maps team at Swiggy is responsible for enabling delightful booking, allocation, pickup and delivery experiences. Maps POD has industry tech leaders who have driven this charter in Indian context"
"Applied Research team at Swiggy is looking for experienced researchers with an aptitude to solve challenging real-world problems in the area of natural language processing ( NLP)/natural language understanding ("
"The potential candidates need to be well versed in classical speech processing methodologies like hidden Markov models (HMMs) , Gaussian mixture models (GMMs) , Artificial neural networks (ANNs) , Language"
"Are you passionate about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning Are you passionate about helping customers build solutions leveraging the state-of-the-art AI/ML/DL tools on Amazon Web Service (AWS) cloud"
"Selecting features , building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques - - Data mining using state - of - the - art methods - - Extending company s data"
"Primary role Sta ying abreast with the latest techniques and algorithms used in data analytics and overseeing their adoption by delivery teams. Leading in house efforts in researching newer and"
"Job Description Responsible for Handing vendors across India and abroad for procurement of with right price and quality Can manage the procurement contract centrally for different city operations needs Will"
"Roles and responsibilities About Medline: Medline is America's largest privately held national manufacturer and distributor of health care supplies and services. Today , Medline manufactures and distributes more than 550"
"Roles and responsibilities Explore large datasets to surface useful trends, signals, and segments. The role drives business and industry solutions focused on Big Data and Advanced Analytics, in diverse domains"
"Work with the Product Team on designing, building and deploying scalable data analysis systems for large datasets. Use advanced analytics, data mining and statistical techniques to develop enterprise analytic solutions."
": Research design development Problem quantification and hypothesis design and development A/B test creation , test design and creation Define data requirements for model development Data quality management: modeling ,"
"Our problem lends itself to some really neat NLP constraints and machine learning challenges. On the one hand, you'll use NLP to increase the dynamism and responsiveness of our conversational"
"As Data Scientist eager to jump into brand new learning experiences, you ll have fun analyzing complex, massive data sets. If this sounds like you, please read on! Who You"
"Purpose : To bring in the culture of Data aggregation and analysis. From recognizing human patterns in the numbers, to improving the consumer experience via analytics, to finding ways to"
"Introduction As a SAS Fraud Framework Specialist (Data Scientist) at IBM, you will help transform our clients data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on"
"Introduction As a SAS Developer (Data Scientist) at IBM, you will help transform our clients data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development."
"Ultria - Jobs: Data Scientist (ML/NLP) - Apply online Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Product Development Description AI team at Verdantis is working on state of the art Natural Language Processing technologies"
"Primary Skill: Procurement Data Scientist Job Description UPP PROJECT Participate to all UPP meeting where Supplier topic belongs to Build implement supplier datamodel for new sourcing tools aligned with current"
"Supports commercial teams in providing technical consultation to solve Data Science-related issues End to end support during query resolution, including developing analysis plan around the problem statement, execution of the"
"Designation: Data Scientist Executive Experience: 0 - 3 years Work Location: Bhandup, Mumbai Employee: Full Time Job Description: Analyzedataand create metrics to analyze performance of our products of different vendors."
"Junior Data Scientist Treselle Systems Big Data, Technology Integration, Quality Assurance Database Team Chennai, India This position will be based out of Chennai, India. Treselle Systems is currently looking for"
"Data Scientist Treselle Systems Big Data, Technology Integration, Quality Assurance Database Team Campbell, CA This position will be based out of Campbell, CA. Treselle Systems is currently looking for a"
"Skills Requirements: Bachelor or Master Degree with good academic & technical background in a analytical and quantitative field Good experience in developing algorithms, data modeling, investigating patterns of data and"
"Excited using massive amounts of data to develop Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) models Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of"
"Description BizViz provides a 360 degree view of a business's data, serving any vertical and meeting the demanding needs of all business executives. With a 50+ strong team building the"
"BizViz provides a 360 degree view of a business's data , serving any vertical and meeting the demanding needs of all business executives. With a 50+ strong team building the"
"The role sits within our Decision Analytics business, one of our four Global Business Lines. Experian Decision Analytics helps client achieve and sustain significant growth. We do this by enabling"
"Job Description Please make sure candidate should qualify checklist written below: The candidate a full time Msc (stats / Econometrics , Maths) or Btech or PhD The candidate working in"
"1. Works independently or with a small team to solve complex problems and create scalable models / algorithms that will be integrated into iQuanti s tools and products 2. Works"
"1. Works independently or with a small team to solve complex problems and create scalable models / algorithms that will be integrated into iQuanti s tools and products 2. Works"
"Position - Data Scientist Qualification - Btech, BCA, MCA (Any Graduate or Post Grad with all the specified skill sets will also work Experience - 4 to 8 Years Job"
"Experience in Analytics Domain is must. Use your analytics skills to build a logistic regression model to predict the likelihood of a customer to churn. Build a classification model to"
"Job Description:- We are looking for data scientists with good knowledge of Data Structures, Machine Learning and Algorithms and people who can work withcustomers, team of data analysts and software"
"Job Description: Candidate interested in a Student facing/ interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager/ Academic and content delivery/ End to End delivery"
"Job Description: Candidate interested in a Student facing/ interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager/ Academic and content delivery/ End to End delivery"
"Job Description: Candidate interested in a Student facing/ interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager/ Academic and content delivery/ End to End delivery"
"Data Scientist,"
"We are looking for a Data Scientist for one of our esteemed Clients for Bangalore , India Location. Job Requirement: Understand problem statement / product requirement. Work with Data Engineers"
"Position at Ingram Micro Masters/Bachelors in Engineering 5 to 7 years of experience in Data Modeling, Experience in MS SQL, Python or R. Statistical Modeling Good communication skills ,"
"Data Scientist - Visible Alpha As an award- winning startup with high growth potential and supported by some of the worlds top investment banks, Visible Alpha is adding numerous positions"
"Company Name A Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence startup whose visual intelligence platform enables businesses to reimagine the future with AI. Job Summary We are a team of data scientists"
"Education and Experience Required Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Statistics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years experience including graduate or postgraduate research. Knowledge and Skills"
"Senior Data Scientist We are inviting application for the post of Senior Data Scientist: Profile Overview: Looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist in healthcare big data domain which will"
"Looking for data analysts data scientists with a strong interest in Data Science and a passion for research.Two years of work experience combined with knowledge and. Data Analyst Data Scientist"
"Job Profile Work with solution team members Work with analytics team members to support on analytics Deep knowledge in mathematics and Statistics Research oriented and able apply the knowledge in"
"Data Scientist - Bangalore, India Responsibilities Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools by influencing machine learning, data regression, and rule- based models Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create effective"
"The Sr. Data Scientist will lead a group of Data Scientists that works on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar. They will"
"Grofers is a low - price online supermarket. We enable customers to order products via our mobile application or website across categories such as grocery , fruits & vegetables ,"
"Job Description Apply technical and analytical expertise to exploring and examining data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights that in turn can"
"Mentoring and supporting the career and capability growth of her/ his team members. Setting and monitoring project schedules, communicating progress to the larger team. Provide technical leadership and foster a"
"Dear Candidates, Greetings!! Roles & Responsibilities, If 'YOU' love problem solving and love numbers and love ""Freakonomics"" and love the way every graph tells a hidden story on why people"
"Data Scientist Data Analytics Bangalore, India Description About the Organization Yodlee delivers innovative Personal Finance and Money Movement applications that make online banking more profitable for our customers. Almost 900"
"We are looking for a Data Scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data so as to help us make smarter decisions that would"
"The Transformation Office team is a motivated, forward thinking team comprised of high-talent individuals with a singular focus of delivering innovative solutions. The position will work extensively with cross-Wholesale risk"
"Bangalore/ Ahmedabad We are looking for a data science professional with Ability to solve complex business problems using data science/ Machine learning/ AI Leverage cutting edge algorithms to innovate new"
"Min. Exp: 3 years IQM - Data Scientist Sorry, we aren't online at the moment. Leave a message and we'll get back to you. Sorry, we aren't online at the"
"Develop and refine algorithms for machine learning from large datasets. Write offline as well as efficient runtime programs for meaning extraction and real-time response systems. Develop and improve Ad-Targeting based"
"IMPACT LIVES, REALISE YOUR FULL POTENTIAL AND HAVE FUN DOING IT. Junior Data Scientist Key Responsibility: Own the student's learning outcomes by providing them with support on the topics covered"
"Gain understanding of business goals and provide apt recommendations through advanced analytics Develop novel ways to help business partners achieve value through advanced analytical techniques. Have expertise in solving analytical"
"Data Scientist Key Responsibility: Required  &Bull; Should Have Worked On Data- Related Projects (Data Wrangling, Analytics And/ Or Ml Projects Are All Good &Bull; Must Have A Strong Background"
"Job Description: Looking for a Data Scientist to analyse large amounts of raw information to find patterns and to suggest changes in the existing processes to get maximum revenue/customer satisfaction."
"Job Description The Lead Data Scientist and Cognitive Engineer will lead one of our Cognitive agile teams through the phases of use- case data exploration and prototyping to the design,"
"Are you looking for exciting role and work with global leading investment banking firm Come work as a Senior/ Lead/ Principal- Data Scientist at growing company that offers great benefits"
"We are looking to invite passionate leaders, with expertise in generate power business insights from very large datasets, on a journey where the primary aim would be to enable needle"
"Kennametal is looking for exceptional talent as we continue to roll- out our $300MM global modernization initiative to better serve our customers and advance our organization. This high- visibility, high-"
"The infrastructure supply chain and automation team is currently in the process of researching, scoping, quantifying and looking for improvement opportunities in the processes and systems that constitute the vast"
"IMPACT LIVES, REALISE YOUR FULL POTENTIAL AND HAVE FUN DOING IT. Key Responsibility: Required  Should have functional knowledge of Deep Learning/ Neural Networks Must have worked on projects in"
"Dear Candidate, Responsibilities: Design solutions and lead execution in advanced analytics engagements by understanding client problems, and identifying most suitable approach. Build Predictive & Prescriptive models leveraging machine learning and"
"Responsibilities Senior Data Scientists are expected to collaborate with other data scientists, subject matter experts, sales to deliver strategic advanced analytics projects from design to execution. Independently handle project work"
"Your Role and Responsibilities Your day in the role will include. Mentor or coach for scrum teams Expert into Agile Scrum principals, Task meeting/Retrospective Proven in Relative estimation, Story-based development"
"*Intermediate consulting position operating independently with some assistance and guidance to provide quality work products to a project team or customer that comply with Oracle methodologies and practices. Performs standard"
"ROLE: JioSaavn is looking for a Senior Data Scientist, ideally with experience in User Behavior Analysis and Modeling and/or Machine Learning for Ads, to impact the growth and expansion of"
"About Job Role Responsibilities Knowledge Skills Behavioural Attributes At Efftronics, we create value by solving customer problems through design thinking. Bring passion and dedication to your job and just imagine"
"Data Scientist Location: Bangalore - Department: IT Services - Positions: 4 Perform data -mining, modeling and hypothesis generation in support of high -level business goals. develop customized algorithms to solve"
"What will you do: Should have working knowledge of relational Database designs (SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle). Should have knowledge of Queue management systems (Redis, MSMQ, RabitMQ etc). Should have knowledge"
"One of our prominent clients is on the lookout for Data Scientist with exposure of R, SQL, Python, Predictive Analytics & Data Modelling. The responsibilities are:- Work with clients to"
"Candidate has atleast 7- 8 years of rich experience in Data scienceCandidate has rich experience in Statistical modeling, Text mining( most important) scoring models, response models, optimization, forecasting, segmentation, and"
"Data Scientist , 3 - 6 Years Hyderabad , Gurgaon Job Description SOC Verification with Strong C background and Knowledge of UVM is desirable. ,"
"Please make sure candidate should qualify checklist written below: The candidate have very strong experience of working on R/ Python The candidate have fluency of working on SQL The candidate"
"Data Scientist (Goa) - Nine Stack Data Scientist Were currently on the lookout for an enthusiastic data science practitioner with an inclination towards processing natural language. Must have an extensive"
"Description DATA SCIENTIST Location: Gurgaon, India Expertise: At least 3-5 years of relevant experience with Statistical Modelling, Predictive Analytics or Recommender Systems Decent Understanding of Machine Learning Algorithms and Neural"
"Data Scientist E2open Careers Twitter Widget Iframe April 11 , Pune , PNQ , IND Job Description: As part of Data Science team you will be working with smart data"
"We are looking for experienced data scientists with strong advanced analysis and machine learning model development experience. Data scientists will be working with a team of technical experts on the"
"Job Description Those who can join immediately should mention ""Immediate Joiner"" Minimum experience 2 Years in Data Science If 'YOU' love problem solving and love numbers and love ""Freakonomics"" and"
"The Data Scientist will be part of the Core Data Scientist Team. This team identifies and develops advanced analytics statistical model, machine learning methods and solutions for our clients to"
"Your Role and Responsibilities As SAS Fraud Framework Specialist, monitor portfolio for any fraud patterns based on the portfolio triggers You will create Standard and Adhoc management reports and analysis"
"As SAS Developer, you are responsible to develop and design analytical solutions and models in SAS You will develop models along with usage of technologies like SAS e-Miner, base SAS,"
"We are looking for experienced Data Scientists with strong advanced analysis and NLP experience. Data scientists will be working with a team of technical experts on the development of data"
"Excellent knowledge of SQL , Data Modelling (Clustering , Regression) Strong understanding of how to structure analyses to solve real world business problems. Ability to identify key drivers of business"
"Graduate/Post-Graduate/MS in Computer Science/Mathematics/ Statistics/Machine Learning/NLP or allied fields. Strong ability to implement modules which are reusable, scalable & performance efficient modules Hands-on work experience in Natural Language Processing and"
"2 - 5 years of experience with data exploration / analytics modelling, preferably in the financial services industry. Strong foundation of statistical methods and their workings. Should have used advanced"
"Short Description Data Scientist / Bangalore / 6-9years Qualifications Job Responsibilities Job Role: Data Scientist Job Descripition: Expertise in design development and testing Data science platforms Working experience in AI"
"Grofers is a low - price online supermarket. We enable customers to order products via our mobile application or website across categories such as grocery , fruits & vegetables ,"
"Job Role: Data Scientist Location: Visakhapatnam Skills Knowledge of advanced statistical modeling, testing, data mining, and data science techniques Advanced in modeling frameworks including Scikit-learn, PyTorch, and TensorFlow Highly proficient"
"As we are looking for Data scientist role with the Product based Company for Bangalore Company :IT Product based Company Primary  Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Python Good Knowledge"
"A day in the life of Pi includes hard work, good people and a great company culture. Interested in joining the motley bunch All verticals are growing fast and hiring"
"Amazon strives to be Earth's most customer-centric company where people can find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online. By giving customers more of what they want -"
"Responsibilities: Utilize statistical natural language processing to mine unstructured data, and create insights; analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform"
"Our team is looking forData Scientist , you will develop complex statistical models and machine learning algorithms to tackle critical product and business challenges. Working with our Product teams ,"
"Unbxd is an AI-driven eCommerce Search Platform that understands shopper intent and connects them to the products they are most likely to buy across site search , navigation and recommendation"
"We are seeking sharp, energetic Data Scientists to help us keep pace with our global expansion. You ll be core member of a specialist team working on our Artificial Intelligence"
"As a junior data scientist, you will join a group of analysts and associates in one of our practice areas Airports, Aircraft or Aerospace & Maintenance where you will participate"
"1. Candidate should have around 8+ years development & systems design experience. 2. More than 2+ years of experience in Data science project. 3. Proven proactive problems identification & rapid"
"Data Scientist NLP , ML , Python / R , Hadoop , strong mathematical bacground 5+ Year,"
"We are looking for an outstanding individuals who combine superb technical, communication, and analytical capabilities with a demonstrated ability to get the right things done quickly and effectively. The ideal"
"* About Standard Chartered We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East. To us, good performance is about"
"The candidate should be capable of understanding Online Pricing Intelligence solution and about how the daily pricing dynamics affects different brands across different retailers globally. We track SKU / variant"
"Responsibilities Representing the product from a technical standpoint to customers - including demonstrations, conducting proof-of-concept trials, helping clients evaluate success criteria, and training users Providing the customer's point of view"
"Roles & Responsibilities mso- fareast- font- family:Symbol;mso- bidi- font- family:Symbol;color:black"" mso- bidi- font- size:11.0pt;font- family:""Tahoma"", sans- serif;color:black""Translate business objectives into analytic approaches, and identify data sources to support analysis. mso-"
"Data Scientist Analytics 0- 1 year experience You will work in a fast- paced environment, delivering actionable analytics- based solutions with measurable outcomes. You will own the output, and be"
"B.E./ B.Tech in Computer Science/ Computer Engineering 6-8 years of experience in engineering/ architecture for building and implementing data products Experience in implementing machine learning algorithms using APIs/ libraries from"
"Careers - Insights Campaigns Results Home / Careers A day in the life of Pi includes hard work, good people and great company culture. Interested in joining the motley crew"
"Experienced professional or an active researcher in one or multiple of the following areas: OCR-ICR technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Semantic Technologies, Natural Language Processing, Image Mining, Pattern Recognition on Digital Media"
"We are hiring top Data Scientists to join our team in Bengaluru. We are accelerating our growth as our company gains increasing traction in the exciting AI for the Enterprise"
"Data Scientist Job Description Template. A data scientist is someone who makes value out of data. Such a person proactively fetches information from various sources and analyzes it for better"
"Senior Data Scientist Analytics 3- 5 years experience As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be the point of contact with all internal stakeholders with respect to analytics assignments. You"
"Data Scientist 4 - 8 years B. Tech/ M. Tech/ MCA Experienced professional or an active researcher in one or multiple of the following areas: OCR- ICR technologies, Artificial Intelligence,"
"Our client is a pioneer and leader in technology enabled cab services in India , offering comprehensive end to end travel solutions for individual as well as corporate requirements that"
"Any Master's degree in the field of Statistics / Mathematics / Computer Science / Engineering Relevant experience as Data Scientist Min 5 years of relevant experience required, There is no"
"ICL Systems ICL SystemsData Scientist, Advanced AnalyticsICL Systems is the leading provider of systems solutions designed for the demands and challenges of the finished vehicle supply chain. Only ICL Systems"
"Data Scientist,"
"Data Scientist at Sahasya Global Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (1 Opening) Work Experience: 12.0 Year(s) To 18.0 Year(s) Relevant Experience : 12 + Yrs. Basic Qualification : Degree (Bachelors / Masters)"
"Data Scientist Guidewire s Cyence Risk Analytics products help the property & casualty (P&C;) industry to model new and evolving risks such as cyber. By combining internet - scale data"
"Job Description: The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar, particularly geospatial data. They will assist in developing"
"We are looking for an experienced Machine Learning/ Natural Language Processing expert who will be working on a new product to consume cleaned and curated data and apply their knowledge"
"Leading Semiconductor company - Product based industry Job description Years of Experience: Minimum 10 - 16 years Responsibilities: Lead Application Development and Data Science Project Teams. Hands- On Experience in"
"Job Description Perform advanced analytics tasks , including but not limited to predictive statistical models , customer profiling , segmentation analysis , data analysis and mining , and external data"
"Job Description We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is"
"Gender : Male/Female Industry : IT Software Job Role & Responsibilities: 2-4 years of experience in the field of Data Science / Machine Learning. Should have built and deployed models"
"Structure the available data to be able to better mine patterns and derive insights; BlackBuck s network generates diverse data varying from clickstream/transactions data generated on our diverse set of"
"JD: Data Science - Agrostar Opportunity to be part of a newly formed Data Science team to work upon challenging & innovative opportunities in agri- tech space. We help farmers"
"Are you looking for exciting role and work with global leading investment banking firm Come work as a Senior / Lead Quant Analyst at growing company that offers great benefits"
"Excellent theoretical understanding of machine learning concepts and practices. Experience in various statistical and machine learning models with strong expertise in one of the following - Bayesian Modeling, Classification Models,"
"You will join a world famous Profitable Product Startup! You Will : Retrieve, prepare, and process a rich data variety of data sources such as social media, news, internal /"
"Machine Learning - Data Scientist About Company : We build software that drives the business of our customers; enterprises and software product companies with software at the core of their"
"Roles and responsibilities Data Scientist (Python AI Expertise) About Company : Our board brings together a team of technology, business, and social visionaries who provide direction to our's executive management"
"Key Deliverables/Responsibilities Use data analysis techniques to deliver quick working prototypes to prove hypothesis by building statistical models using a range of tools including R, Python, and Spark Understand data"
"Data Scientist Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Permanent Analytics & Business Intelligence 2 - 5 years View All JobsApply Job Title: Data Scientist Job Description: Job Description: 1. Qualifications - Bachelor s"
"1. Data Scientist (2-5 yrs Exp) ,"
"What will you do: Should have working knowledge of relational Database designs (SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle). Should have knowledge of Queue management systems (Redis, MSMQ, RabitMQ etc). Should have knowledge"
"Staff Data Scientist & Technical Architect Eligibility Criteria: Years of Experience: Minimum 12 - 15 years Job Experience: Experience in developing Data Science, BI infrastructure and Analytics. Educational: Bachelor s"
"Data Scientist (Python AI Expertise) About Company : Our board brings together a team of technology, business, and social visionaries who provide direction to our's executive management in a dynamic"
"Machine Learning - Data Scientist About Company : We build software that drives the business of our customers; enterprises and software product companies with software at the core of their"
"Data Science Lead DevOps Eligibility Criteria: Years of Experience: Minimum 8 - 12 years, Job Experience: Experience in developing Applications, BI Applications, Data Base, Agile, DevOps Educational: Bachelor s or"
"The Data and Analytics organization at Neustar is the DNA of the company. The DNA encodes the essence of existence and character that drives continuous innovation with data, contin uous"
"job Description: 3+ years of experience with extensive data sets and building statistical models Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development Experience using Python and TensorFlow (a"
"Should have working knowledge of relational Database designs (SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle). Should have knowledge of Queue management systems (Redis, MSMQ, RabitMQ etc). Should have knowledge of SQL query, Stored"
"Data Scientist, Analytics Full Time Hyderabad Positions: 3 This position is a generalist role and could involve analytics, modeling, business operations and/ or partnerships among other things. You must have"
"Developing predictive models in the area of marketing Understanding business problems and translating it into data mining problems Applying techniques such as clustering, classification and association Web analytics, Data mining"
"Responsibilities: Developing predictive models in the area of marketing Understanding business problems and translating it into data mining problems Applying techniques such as clustering, classification and association Web analytics, Data"
"Job Summary: We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist whose responsibilities include conducting full lifecycle analysis from requirements collection, Data processing activities and bringing insights for better business decisions"
"The Sr. Data Scientist will lead a group of Data Scientists that works on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar. They will"
"DATA SCIENTISTDATA SCIENTISTJob Code Data Scientist Key Responsibilities Understand the key end to end analytics of project requirements and scoping the existing & new requirements Assessing the quality & comprehensiveness"
"Require Senior Data Scientist,"
"The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar, particularly geospatial data. They will assist in developing accurate and"
"- Expertise in Python/ R -programming -A thorough understanding of SQL databases - Excellent technical abilities - Statistics and machine-learning optimization skills; - knowledge of big data - insightful data"
"Introduction As a SAS Fraud Framework Specialist (Data Scientist) at IBM, you will help transform our clients data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on"
"Introduction As a SAS Developer (Data Scientist) at IBM, you will help transform our clients data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development."
"The Sr. Data Scientist will lead a group of Data Scientists that works on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Neustar. They will"
"If you ve registered with us previously , please login now. If you d like to register , please click the Register link below. Data Scientist(Analyst) - IT Services -"
"Data Scientist Location: Bangalore, Karnataka, India Sunnyvale, California, USA Bigdata, Hadoop Engineer Implement and support hadoop platform based applications in storing, retrieving and processing tera- bytes of data. Qualifications: 4+"
"Job Description Please make sure candidate should qualify checklist written below : The candidate a full time Msc (stats / Econometrics , Maths) or Btech or PhD The candidate working"
"Job DescriptionCandidate interested in a Student facing / interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager / Academic and content delivery / End to"
"Job DescriptionCandidate interested in a Student facing / interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager / Academic and content delivery / End to"
"Job DescriptionCandidate interested in a Student facing / interaction role Candidate willing to work full time as a Data Science program Manager / Academic and content delivery / End to"
"About Company:- Tatras Data is lab-based Data Science consultancy. Tatras partners with you on your Data Science journey. We provide cradle to grave services ranging from the Need Assessment Stage"
"Job Description:- We are looking for data scientists with good knowledge of Data Structures, Machine Learning and Algorithms and people who can work withcustomers, team of data analysts and software"
